feat: rename MatrixAlgebra to MatrixRing (#1574)
Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl: docs/src/matrix_algebras.md

a computable, commutative ring.

Functions specific to generic matrix algebras of $m\times m$ matrices are implemented in

> `src/generic/matrix_ring.jl`. The remaining functionality is in the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`src/generic/MatrixAlgebra.jl`. The remaining functionality is in the file
```
